Requesting changes moves card to IN PROGRESS (#95)
SonarSource/gh-action-lt-backlog: SubmitReview/ReadMe.md

# SubmitReview

Assign fixed issue or PR card to PR author and move the card to the `IN PROGRESS` column.

> 

Author: Yes I will update the ReadMe.

# SubmitReview

> Move fixed Jira tickets from one state to another using the `Request Changes` transitions.

Reviewer: Please add a paragraph saying that by default, it is expected to move all the relevant tickets mentioned in the title.

> Move fixed Jira tickets from one state to another using the `Request Changes` transitions.

Reviewer: Please add a sentence that will say that this should move the issue from IN REVIEW to IN PROGRESS

Author: My understanding is that we will have more states with the transition `Request Changes,` so we might move the tickets from APPROVED to IN PROGRESS.
Do we still want to mention that it should move only from IN REVIEW to IN PROGRESS?

## Inputs

### `github-token`

Token to access the GitHub API. 

### `jira-token`

Token to access the Jira API.

The token need the following [project permissions](https://confluence.atlassian.com/adminjiraserver/managing-project-permissions-938847145.html):
- `Browse projects`
- `Transition issues`

## Outputs

None

> ## Prerequisites
> 
> None
> 

Reviewer: Not needed. That section is very specific to the ToggleLockBranch action
```suggestion
```

## Example usage

```yaml
name: Submit Review

on:
  pull_request_review:
    types: [submitted]

jobs:
  SubmitReview_job:
    name: Submit Review
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:

>       - id: secrets

Reviewer: Note for myself: I will need to re-review this part later

        uses: SonarSource/vault-action-wrapper@v3
        with:
          secrets: |

>             development/jira/token/{REPO_OWNER_NAME_DASH}-jira token | jira_token;

Author: I only have assumptions here, this will probably need more refinement.

Author: Should we use `development/team/languages` or `development/team/sonarcloud`?
I don't know if we have jira secret in the languages vault.

Reviewer: Use `development/kv/data/jira`. While it doesn't exist yet, we'll ask DevInfra to create it like that, as the action is designed to be used by the entire department

# SubmitReview

Move fixed Jira tickets using the 'Request Changes' transition after submitting a review on a pull request.

> For instance, it would a ticket from `IN REVIEW` to `IN PROGRESS`.

Reviewer: Missing verb
```suggestion
Typically, it would move a ticket from `IN REVIEW` to `IN PROGRESS`.
```
